Women often crib about sex and things her man does wrong in the bed, how her man isn&#8217;t quite measuring up to her needs. So we thought it&#8217;s time we tell her the most common mistakes that she makes.Do you also make these bedroom errors?Worrying too much about how you look When men get into the act, they no more worry about how they look. But, women being women want to play perfect at all times. God forbid if there is a mirror in the room, it is sure to attract her attention more than the real act. Let loose! Enjoy the act. No one is secretly shooting you for the next edition of Playboy.Playing the submissive one Well, men wooing women sounds really good but is it necessary to take it all down to the bed everytime? Most women want their men to seduce them, fondle them, and be creative enough to keep their interest going. And it does not end there. If the man tries venturing into creative zones, she plays the part of the boss who decides what will be done and what will not be. Learn to play out of your comfort zone ladies! After all sex is an act that involves two!Trying to talk after the act OK! So the man is ripped of his energy pleasing you in the bed and now you want him to talk. Really? Let the poor man be. And especially if you want to bring up issues about the household, grudges or plain career talk. Let him rest for some time before you suck him into the nuances of your daily banter.Don&#8217;t smash their egos You didn&#8217;t like the way his fingers moved down on you or you didn&#8217;t like the way he minced your nipples between his teeth, well, try and be subtle ladies. Don&#8217;t make him feel like he is not doing anything right. Guidance is fine but don&#8217;t crush his ego while doing the same. Be soft and suggest, he will surely adhere. Much against what women think, sex is a pretty serious thing for men, not just a casual thing.Go down! Please While you love it when he goes down on you but when he wants the same, you look for ways to escape that. Any man can&#8217;t resist a good job down there. In fact most men complain that their women resist giving a blow job. Do him a favour. For all the hard work that he puts in to please you in the bed, let him enjoy a good sucking session too.Don&#8217;t use teeth! This had to follow the above point. If your man is blessed and you happily go down on him, please make sure you don&#8217;t treat it like a candy, where you go from licking and chewing to biting. As a rule, don&#8217;t use your teeth. It will scare the hell out of your man.Hygiene please Hygiene is a must and this goes for both men and women. You love your man going down on you but if you are not clean, it could be a major put off. And by clean we don&#8217;t necessarily mean, clean shaven. Some men like their women to have hair down there, provided they are not razor sharp. And if you have an infection, say it. Don&#8217;t break the news after you are done with the sack session.Too much melodrama Avoid that, please. A man brings you to bed and starts to play with your hair or run his finger down your neck and you dramatically moan! Really? You got to know that too much melodrama puts your man off. This does not mean that turn into a mute lamb but practice discretion!Don&#8217;t fake it If you are convinced the man is incapable of making you reach an orgasm, fake for his sake. But if you have never really given him a chance to prove it, you are &#8216;in a strange manner&#8217; cheating him. Try telling him the first few times if he asks and see how he turns it into real the next time.Don&#8217;t get too comfy You have had sex too many times and now when it&#8217;s time you don&#8217;t bother even if you are in your granny panties or wearing an old faded worn out bra. Well, news is men do notice it and it plays a role in enhancing the sexual encounter. So, spice things up!Thsi article was first published on Times of India