Improve your relationships and eat your way to an orgasm with the help of these aphrodisiacs&#8230;Do you know what was common between Casanova, Cleopatra and the novelist Alexandre Dumas? They all used natural aphrodisiacs to increase their libido and to stimulate their sexual desires.Since time immemorial a variety of food has been associated with increasing fertility and sexual appetite.The term aphrodisiac is derived from the name of Greek goddess of love Aphrodite. The shape, taste and smell of a particular food item are taken into consideration while putting it into the love-food category.Majority of the food that are considered as aphrodisiac, resembles the human genetilia in some form or the other.There is a big debate over the potency of these aphrodisiacs. Sexologist, Dr Mahendra Vatsa says, &#8220;It is not known how effective these so called aphrodisiacs are, in increasing the libido, but they can surely arouse a person.&#8221;How effective these are, is still a big question but there are some natural substances that are believed to increase the desire and libido, in a person, since time immemorial. So here is a list of such foods that may help in bringing a positive change in your sex life.Wines Drinking wine in itself is an erotic and seductive process. Drinking it helps in lowering inhibitions and make people feel relaxed.Port wines which originate from Portugal is considered to be the most potent aphrodisiac. Not only in men, but wine is known to increase libido in woman aswell.Dr. Sheth says &#8220;it may be known as an aphrodisiac because it can decrease resistance from a woman&#8217;s side or put her off her guards.&#8221; But make sure that you don&#8217;t drink any alcohol in excess as due to it&#8217;s sedative properties it will only make you drowsy.Bananas Not only because of its phallic shape but also due to its innumerable beneficial properties. A banana is packed with vitamin A, B and C and also potassium. Vitsamin B and potassium are known to increase sex hormone production in the body.A banana is also packed with Bromelain which increases the testosterone levels. High levels of sugar present in banana gives energy, which helps to last long.Oysters It&#8217;s believed that Aphrodite, rose in an oyester from the sea and gave birth to her son Eros and since then it is considered as an aphrodisiac. Also the oyester when cut open resembles the female genitalia.But the scientific reason behind it, is that oyesters contain high level of zinc which is required for testosterone production. Low level of zinc can cause impotence. So no harm in eating this seafood. Well, it is said that Casanova used to eat more than 50 oyesters a day, and we all know the results.Garlic Garlic has allicin which helps in blood circulation. So if there is enough blood going to your groin there surely wouldn&#8217;t be any problem related to erection.Studies also show that garlic can stimulate the production of nitric oxide synthase which is responsible for erection. They say that the way to a man&#8217;s heart is through his stomach. So, next time you prepare the food put an extra dose of garlic in it.Avacado This is one fruit which has been associated to both female as well as male sexuality. The fruit is voluptuous and feminine in shape but as the fruit hangs in pairs from the tree, they are often said to resemble the male testicles.The Aztecs used to call the avacado tree, the testicle tree. Avacado is a rich source of beta carotene, magnesium, vitamin E, potassium and protiens all of these are good for your sexual appetite.Figs A fig when cut vertically seems to resmble the female sex organ. Since ancient times it has been associated with fertility. Figs contain vitamin A, vitamin B1, vitamin B2, calcium, iron, phosphorus, manganese, and potassium and these are known to decrease sexual weakness. No wonder, it was Cleopatra&#8217;s favourite fruit.Asparagus In the 19th century bridegrooms in France were served three courses of asparagus just a day before their marriage. Asparagus is a rich source of potassium, vitamin B6, vitamin A, C, thiamin and folic acid.It is said that folic acid boosts histamine production which help both male and females to reach orgasm.Folic acid also helps in reducing birth defects, so, asparagus is good for a pregnant woman. Asparagus is also known to increase blood circulation in the genito urinary system.Chocolate Also known as the &#8216;food of the Gods&#8217;, chocolate has always been associated with sensuality and love. Phenylethylamine (PEA) and serotonin present in chocolate are also present in our brain and they increase our exitement and energy level.When we eat chocolate the level of both increases and lifts the mood. Anandamide along with PEA helps in reaching orgasm.Basil This sweet smelling herb is called &#8216;kiss me Nicholas&#8217; in Italy. It is believed that basil increases sex drive and fertility.Basil has magnesium, iron, vitamin A, C and K. It relaxes blood vessels and prevents clotting in arteries, hence increases blood circulation. Basil is also known to cure all kinds of &#8216;headaches&#8217; so, next time if you get this excuse its time to use basil.Chillies Now this has to be an aphrodisiac because of its &#8216;hot&#8217; properties. From bell peppers to the red chillies all are considered aphrodisiacs. Chillies have capsaicin which increases blood circulation and heartbeats, raises body temperature and also produces sweat.All these symptoms occurs while having sex so this might be another reason for calling it an aphrodisiac.Capsaicin also helps in releasing endorphins and stimulates the nerve endings which makes which increases the pulse and makes the body sensitive.It is said that just believing something as an aphrodisiac is strong enough to sexually arouse a person, or to increase his sex drive, performance and desires.But we think that there is no harm in trying these natural love foods as they surely won&#8217;t harm, but do remember that too much of everything is bad. This article was first published on Times of India